<p>I am interested in programming because I (currently) work at a e-commerce and I have realized that I have a strong desire to be challenged. For example, when I was a kid I used to take apart the chairs in my room and put them back together, same thing with all the trophies that I won. I'm interest in programming because I have a competitive mind that renders a lot of (random) ideas. What I have done to expose myself to programming involves me being scrappy in my quest for learning about this immersive language. In my research for a program to enroll in I found that a lot of the programming schools have free courses that future students can take, so I took advantage of those resources. I have noted the syllabuses at other institutions, (looked) at what they offer (in terms of curriculum) and I have done in depth google searches on those subjects. I have research the different languages/stacks, I go to multiple forum to see which languages people are using, I look to see what languages are trending and I follow up those trending claims with more research. My mind is creative and logical so I like the fact that programing plays my thinking in an all inclusive way.</P>

 <p>My professional goals for the next 2 years is to be working in tech as a software developer at a small company. I want to work for a company that produces high end technologies. My goal is to work in a place where I will command between 80-120k a year but more importantly I want to learn new skills, understand how business is run, connect with my future colleagues, directors, VP's and CEO. Part of my professional growth is to understand how people think. From everything that I learn in those 2 years, I want them to be directly applicable the next 5 years of my professional journey by starting my own firm. I'm not sure what my firm will be exactly but I know I want to have an umbrella LLC that allows me to run creative "think-tank" where I hire my friend and creative/smart colleges to come up with tech ideas and we execute them; whether it be a website, app, new system, or art installation. Part of me wanting to own my own company is that I want to be in charge, I know I am a leader and I know I inspire people at all levels.</P>

 <p>There was a time at work when I came in early to get a head start on my assistant duties but one day another assistant was there before me and was doing "my job". I didn't understand why she was coming in and "doing what I do". It didn't register that she was helping me - all I thought was "are they trying to replace me, I won't stand for it." I gave her the cold shoulder then eventually I ask her in a rude way, "why are you coming in early to do what I'm already doing". Her only reply was "I was coming in to help, so you can focus on other task".  If I ever encountered another situation like this, I would not even see it the same. Now I see teamwork, I would see the person as my theoretical teammate and not as my competition. I have learned not to make the mistake of thinking that a one man show who can do it all. Anything I do in life will require teamwork, compromise and a clear understanding of comradery.</P>

 <p>I have taught myself how to lucid dream. My lucid dreaming is still a work in progress but it's improving. My quest for natural lucid dreams stems from my instinctive exploration of the internet and stumbling upon this technique of dreaming.  I started doing my research my looking at youtube video's, read forms, and read a book called, " a Field Guide to Lucid Dreaming." What I learned from this was of course the techniques like, the "wake back to sleep method", rem sleep, writing down your dreams every night, in-dream "reality check" - for example if you touch a wall and your hand goes into it or if you see yourself in a mirror then you are in a dream. A few things that I learned about myself is that I retain a lot of information and I can read it fast. When I have made up in my mind that I am committed to something I see it into completion, I compete with time and I obsess about my finding, I talk with people (who care to listen) and I have learned that I feel happier and more content with myself when I'm learning. I know when I have exhausted myself and need to take a breather.</P>
